So this was a really advanced module, you saw this project with redacts, with the context API and
with this custom hoax story thing.
Now, what should you use?
You can definitely stick to redacts the overhead of having an extra library is probably not that bad,
especially in bigger projects.
And if you learned how you use it, well, then using it is, of course, pretty straightforward and
all the heavy lifting is done for you.
Now you can still switch away if you want to try something new or if you really want to save every bytes
you possibly can.
So you don't want to add that extra third party dependency or maybe you don't want that dependency to
be, well, independent from the development of that package, then you can use the context API for
low frequency updates so you can use that for things like authentication or themes, but probably not
for después case with products and favorites.
But there you could look into a solution like this and attached you actually find the NPM package,
which basically follows a similar idea which you could simply import into your project so that you can
have a third party dependency, of course, but one which Dennington only uses react and react hooks
to basically give you that code out of the box so that you don't have to write it on your own.
You'll find that attached.
In case you're interested.
You can also check out the source code of that package to learn how this package implemented.
All of that.
I find it very interesting to see this approach.
I find it very interesting to see how you can manage your data with only reactant, JavaScript, and
therefore I definitely want to share this with you.
Maybe this is the future of state management in React.
It's it's an early concept, an early idea.
It works is absolutely works.
You can optimize its performance as you see here, as we did with should listen and therefore does is
definitely something you should be aware of and you might want to try out in your project.